Hey Gabe!
Hey Olivia! How's it going?
Uh, you know, it's going good.
Just doing another letter writing territory.
So, you know how that is.
Okay, well?
Yay!
Good to see you!
Hey Sue, it's good to see you too.
Is that Gabe?
Oh hey baby, how's that though?
Hey mom, it's busy but great.
I'm learning a lot.
Oh look who just got home from work!
Hey Gabe!
Hey Max!
So, if it's possible,
can you send me some more of my things?
I can text you a list.
Absolutely, I'll get right on it.
Great, thank you so much.
Olivia, I'll let you get back to letter writing.
Great.
Hey!
Alright, we'll let you go, love you!
Okay, love you too.
Bye!
So Olivia,
I thought that you enjoyed letter writing.
I don't know.
It just feels like another letter,
another envelope,
and another black hole.
Black hole?
Yeah, you know, stuff goes in,
but nothing ever comes out of it.
It's not that bad.
What do you mean?
You were just telling me that no one's responded to you.
Okay.
Yeah, I get a little antsy for replies.
Like I texted my old classmate Sarah,
but she just hasn't said anything back to me yet.
I just hope I didn't overdo it.
What do you think?
Is it too much?
Do you think it's too much?
It's too much.
Sure, so, uh...
Sure, so you get back to you.
Alright.
Is everything on Gabe's list?
Thank you.
At least we'll have a little more room
for when your mom moves in.
Yeah.
Anyway, Gabe will love this.
He already told me how much he missed his fishing.
What if we do something a little different
for family worship this week?
Sure.
So, this is where you and Gabe would fish, right?
Yeah.
We learned a lot of lessons about fishing here.
So lately,
preachings felt like a black hole, right?
We have the right equipment.
But what does a fisherman need more than anything?
Second Corinthians 6'4.
It says, but in every way we recommend ourselves
as God's ministers by...
Now, what is verse 6, say, Olivia?
It says, by purity, by knowledge, by patience.
Patience.
It helps us to keep trying,
again and again,
to not give up.
And we're not casting into a black hole,
but into a blue sea full of deserving ones.
Now, maybe we can't see it,
but Jehovah knows they're there.
And it may take some time,
but if we're patient, together, we'll find them.
All right, Rian's got some great ideas
on how to make our letter writing.
Already for section 2, right?
Guess so.
Okay.
Well, first we'll see how false religion gets God totally wrong.
Did you get a chance to study?
Yeah, I...
I ran ahead.
Like, is... is everything okay?
I'm fine. Let's just...
get started.
Okay, so then we'll watch a video on churches
during World War II,
and why Jehovah will have no choice but to...
some things up.
What's wrong?
I don't know, I just...
I read that all religions are false.
Well, yeah, but you have to remember that...
I don't know, it's just...
what?
It's just all getting so...
so serious.
Well, yeah, it's life and death.
Why waste time on the study if she's not going to take it serious?
So you said all of that to her?
No.
Just the will, yeah, part.
But I wanted to.
She used to be so excited for study.
I don't know.
Maybe she's just not getting it.
I think she is learning.
Maybe it's just really thinking in.
If it's thinking in, then what's the problem?
Maybe it's me.
You know what really helped me when I first started pioneering?
I learned that Jesus had to be patient with His disciples.
They weren't always ready to learn the things that He was teaching them.
That means that we have to be patient with our Bible students, too.
Let it reach your heart.
And be patient with yourself.
I was thinking a lot about our study.
And I really wanted to know how...
how you were feeling about it.
As I was reading it had...
it finally hit me.
All the churches in the world are lying.
My mom's included.
And God's just going to destroy them all.
You know, maybe I'm just...
not ready for some of this.
I understand where you're coming from.
Give yourself some time to learn why Jehovah's ways are just.
The better you get to know Him,
the more His teachings are going to touch your heart.
Trust me.
I promise you it'll be worth the wait.
Okay.
Yeah?
So, let's get to know Jehovah better.
Do you remember?
He's just going to be working even more.
I just don't know what.
Could you...
Are you still listening to me?
Uh-huh.
I don't have the support I need, you know?
I know.
And it never seems to end.
I don't know why this keeps happening to me.
I know it seems that way,
but sometimes the decisions you make have consequences that don't go away.
Excuse me?
Not everyone is perfect, like you.
I'm sorry.
That's not what I meant.
I...
I don't have time for this.
I'm sorry, that's not what I meant.
Everything okay?
Dora just hung up on me.
Well, maybe she was just having a bad day.
Every day is a bad day for Dora.
It's not my fault that she married that guy from work.
I just wish she would have listened.
She has made some bad decisions.
But that was years ago.
Don't give up on her.
I'm not giving up on her.
I just need a break from her.
I know this isn't easy.
But try and imagine what it must be like for her.
Makes me think about first Thessalonians 5-11.
Keep encouraging one another and building one another up,
just as you were in fact doing.
We can do so much good when we're patient,
just like Jehovah is with us.
Hiring was calling because I wanted to apologize for what I said.
I'm sorry too.
I um...
I know that you're dealing with a lot right now.
How much you left Jehovah?
I just want you to know I'm always here for you.
Thanks, Larry.
That really means a lot to me.
You know, um...
I was thinking about going out to service tomorrow.
Would you like to go with me?
I'd love to go.
So these are our public talk schedules.
Wait.
Hey, sister Jones.
Hey, what are you two up to?
Wayne's gonna be helping with public talk scheduling.
Oh great.
Wow, let y'all get to it.
So, we already have these weeks scheduled.
We just need to keep confirming with the speakers
and quickly replacing any cancellations.
That's pretty important.
I can totally do that.
I actually asked some new ideas on how to handle that.
Okay, good.
Um...
But a phone call should be found.
Don't worry.
It's not that hard I can handle it.
Can I show you my idea on how to streamline the process?
More than a phone call?
Yeah.
The speaker isn't here.
I'm sorry, what?
Did you call and confirm like I asked you to?
No.
But what can I do?
Nothing now.
I'll take care of it.
Wayne forgot to confirm the speaker, so I have to give the talk now.
You did a nice job on your part.
Thanks.
Wayne just forgot.
Hey, Gabe.
Doing good.
How are you?
Good.
I came on the...
Oh, that's weird.
That's my fault, Gabe.
I completely forgot to send it.
I can't believe I missed that.
It's okay.
I'm worried about it.
It's not.
You needed those things, Gabe.
No, Max.
I mean, everybody forgets.
Thanks, Gabe.
I'll get right on it.
I gotta make a phone call.
Okay.
Things are getting pretty busy around here.
I'm sorry about the mix up.
It's okay, Wayne.
We all forget things sometimes.
You know, I want to apologize myself.
I didn't mean to lose my patience.
I shouldn't have reacted like that at the Kingdom Hall.
I'm sorry.
You know, when I first got this assignment,
I made some mistakes myself.
Really?
Yeah, I really did.
So I'll hide in schedule too soon.